Adding pre-NAT IP feature to NPM docs (#7060)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_performance_monitoring/network_page.md

**Note**: DNS resolution is supported for hosts where the system probe is running on the root network namespace, which is usually caused by running the system-probe in a container without using the host network.

### pre-NAT IPs

> _Network Address Translation (NAT)_ is a tool used by Kubernetes and other systems to route traffic between containers. When investigating a specific (e.g. service to service) dependency, you can use the presence or absence of pre-NAT IPs to distinguish between Kubernetes-native services, which do their own routing, and services that rely on external clients for routing. This feature does not currently include resolution of NAT gateways.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Network Address Translation (NAT)_ is a tool used by Kubernetes and other systems to route traffic between containers. When investigating a specific dependency (for example, service to service), you can use the presence or absence of pre-NAT IPs to distinguish between Kubernetes-native services, which do their own routing, and services that rely on external clients for routing. This feature does not currently include resolution of NAT gateways.  
```
